Move "Azure Quickstart: make new VM using CLI" from Hut23 wiki to Handbook (#110)
alan-turing-institute/REG-handbook: content/docs/technical_practices/azure/_index.md

---
# Page title as it appears in the navigation menu
title: "Azure"
# Adjust weight to reorder menu items (lower numbers appear first)
weight: 6
# Uncomment to hide nested pages in a collapsed menu
# bookCollapseSection = true
# Uncomment to hide this page from the navigation menu
# bookHidden = false
# Uncomment to exclude this page from the search
# bookSearchExclude = true
---

> # Azure

Author: see https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/REG-handbook/pull/107#discussion_r1234163867

Author: Mathison is referenced later in this same page

> Azure is Microsoft's cloud service. The Turing has a grant from Microsoft to use this.

Author: this isn't true any longer - needs review

Reviewer: True, this statement is out of date. I guess we could drop the second sentence or go for something like

```suggestion
Azure is Microsoft's cloud platform, through which Turing members have access to a wide range of computing and data storage resources.
```

or 

```suggestion
Azure is Microsoft's cloud computing platform. The Turing has a contract with Microsoft which provides access to everyone with a Turing AD account.
```

depending on what we are trying to convey.

## Setting up Azure

You can access Azure through the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), using your Office 365 credentials.

> To experiment with Azure you should request a trial account with $300 credit using this [TopDesk Link](https://turingcomplete.topdesk.net/tas/public/ssp/content/serviceflow?unid=ac51b39d8bfc46f9bf41132ef8601b5e&from=7edfe644-ac0d-4895-af98-acd425ee0b19&openedFromService=true). When using Azure for projects you can use the same form to request a project-specific subscription with its own budget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To experiment with Azure you should request a trial account with £300 credit using this [TopDesk Link](https://turingcomplete.topdesk.net/tas/public/ssp/content/serviceflow?unid=ac51b39d8bfc46f9bf41132ef8601b5e&from=7edfe644-ac0d-4895-af98-acd425ee0b19&openedFromService=true). When using Azure for projects you can use the same form to request a project-specific subscription with its own budget.
```

## Quick links

- [Azure Quickstart: Make a new VM using the command line]({{< relref "docs/technical_practices/azure/azure_make_vm_with_cli.md" >}})
- [Azure Howtos](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/howtos/tree/master/azure)

## Managing your Azure account

- [Using Microsoft Azure at the Turing](https://mathison.turing.ac.uk/page/2433)

> - [Monitor available credit on an Azure subscription](https://rcp-api-prod.azurewebsites.net/)

Reviewer: The URL for RCTab has changed. This is the updated URL, which will not change again in the foreseeable future:

```suggestion
- [Monitor available credit on an Azure subscription](https://rctab-turing-prod.azurewebsites.net/)
```

> - Email the [Research Compute Platforms team](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/research-engineering-group/wiki/The-REGistry#points-of-contact) for help

Reviewer: It looks like the RC team are not actually listed on this page. I'm not sure whether that's by design. If we were, the email would be `ResearchComputePlatforms@turing.ac.uk`.

```suggestion
- Email the [Research Computing team](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/research-engineering-group/wiki/The-REGistry#points-of-contact) for help
```

Author: Point of contact for RC team not yet listed on that page because that's in a different branch of the REG wiki that still needs to be merged.

I have been calling the RC team "RCP team" consistently - I'll stick to RC team from now on.

> - Email the [Research Computing team](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/research-engineering-group/wiki/The-REGistry#points-of-contact) for help

Reviewer: I have updated the wiki to add the Research Computing team.
